Add some more clarification about RCT_EXPORT_XXX (#202)
reactwg/react-native-new-architecture: docs/fabric-native-components.md

Then, you have to expose the `text` property for the Fabric Native Component. This is done with the `RCT_EXPORT_VIEW_PROPERTY` macro, specifying a name and a type.

> [!Note]
> Unlike legacy native components, properties are actually handled via `updateProps` C++ code, see below.

> > Those macros are needed for the bridge, With bidgeless mode you can omit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Those macros are needed for bridge compatibility. With bidgeless mode you can omit them entirely.
```

> > Unlike legacy native components, properties are actually handled via `updateProps` C++ code, see bellow.
> > Those macros are needed for the bridge, With bidgeless mode you can ommit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Unlike legacy native components, properties are actually handled via `updateProps` C++ code, see below.
> Those macros are needed for the bridge, With bidgeless mode you can omit them.
```
